fix links to security-best-practices and troubleshooting-guide (#3526)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/kubernetes/security-best-practices.md

#### OpenTelemetry: dial tcp: lookup collection-sumologic-metadata-logs.sumologic.svc.cluster.local.: device or resource busy

> Refer to [Troubleshooting Collection document](troubleshoot-collection.md#opentelemetry-dial-tcp-lookup-collection-sumologic-metadata-logssumologicsvcclusterlocal-device-or-resource-busy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [this section](troubleshoot-collection.md#opentelemetry-dial-tcp-lookup-collection-sumologic-metadata-logssumologicsvcclusterlocal-device-or-resource-busy) in [Troubleshooting Collection](/docs/send-data/kubernetes/troubleshoot-collection).
```
